---
title: "Hateful"
date: 2025-02-25
---

I've unfortunately had the displeasure of reading a few of my old posts recently, and to be honest, I found them a bit jarring. Most of my blog posts were written while I studied for my finals, which might be an explanation for why they seem so angry. Posts like the DNI one (which I still stand behind even if it was pretty poorly written), "Junji Itou wouldn't know scary if it ____" and "your sexual identity doesnt matter (on discord)" just seem unnecessarily angry, and to be honest, the anger behind them doesn't exactly help my points; in fact, it almost certainly hurt them.

During the time I was writing them, I was really just using blog posts to let out pent-up anger which I didn't really have a direction to channel. I still don't really have a direction for it, but I've taken up a few relaxing hobbies to try to calm my nerves as well as trying to be more mindful in general and it's going great. I've also made sure to avoid watching too much dreary news, as there's nothing like looking at the news to destroy your faith in everything. My posts this year have been rather scarce, and that's mainly because I didn't have anything to say. I first made this website because I wanted to tell people shit, and I really only had a couple of close friends. I can only imagine it gets annoying to hear me go on and on about silly things that they aren't really into (music, manga, etc.), so throwing my thoughts up here just made sense. Since then though, I'm lucky to have managed to meet a lot of cool people IRL and online with similar interests to me, so ranting on a website seemed less and less appealing.

The biggest reason I acted that way though, is that many of the eccentricities I showed in my posts were purposefully hammed up, similar to how Youtubers pog face in front of dead bodies to hype the audience up. Of course the ideas and opinions I was writing about were unfortunately my own, but I certainly tried to add some over the top flair and wrote most posts in an antagonistic tone, even when I really didn't give that much of a fuck. I clearly had read too many trademarkhell and devastatia blog posts (now both defunct sadly) because I purposefully tried to imitate their weird enigmatic mannerisms like a little kid copying the style of his favourite Youtubers when starting a Youtube channel of his own. It's not like I said anything too heinous or unforgivable in my blog posts of course; it's just a little odd to look back on. I'm not so sure if I'll continue to update this blog; its main purpose has (and kind of already was when I created it) been superseded by the reviews pages and the ears of my friends, but I might end up making a post every once in a while. I've been throwing around the idea of posting longer, more thought out reviews on my blog, so that might be what you see next; who knows though.

<video controls preload="none">
    <source src="https://files.catbox.moe/p90ozm.mp4" type="video/mp4">
    Catbox must have deleted the video (so sad) it was Biden AI spitting the start of Love Sosa.
</video>