---
title: "AOTY, 1970 - 2024"
date: 2024-11-24
tags:
    - music
---

I got really bored and I love making lists sorry if your favourite obscure album from 1983 isn't on here, I'm not too deep into the old ass stuff. If you want to hear how I feel about each album specifically check out my [my music review page](http://localhost:5501/pages/reviews/music/) though many of the albums may not be there yet (especially older stuff) as I have still not gotten around to getting through my backlog and writing shit about them.

## 1970

Frank Sinatra - Watertown

## 1971

David Bowie - Hunky Dory

## 1972

David Bowie - The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars

## 1973

David Bowie - Aladdin Sane

## 1974

Queen - Sheer Heart Attack

## 1975

Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here

## 1976

David Bowie - Station to Station

## 1977

David Bowie - Low

Pretty hard pick, 1977 was a great year for music.

## 1978

Devo - Q: Are We Not Men? A: We Are Devo!

## 1979

Michael Jackson - Off the Wall

## 1980

Talking Heads - Remain in Light

Really close between this and Bob Marley & The Wailers - Uprising.

## 1981

Grace Jones - Nightclubbing

This album kind of won by process of elimination, like it's good but also it might be the only album from 1981 I've heard.

## 1982

Michael Jackson - Thriller

## 1983

Anri - Timely!!

## 1984

Prince and the Revolution - Purple Rain

## 1985

The Smiths - Meat Is Murder

## 1986

The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead

## 1987

Depeche Mode - Music for the Masses

## 1988

They Might Be Giants - Lincoln

## 1989

The Cure - Disintegration

## 1990

Angelo Badalamenti - Soundtrack from Twin Peaks

Sorry Depeche Mode...

## 1991

my bloody valentine - loveless

## 1992

Aphex Twin - Selected Ambient Works 85-92

Pretty mid album but I haven't heard that much from 1992

## 1993

Nirvana - In Utero

## 1994

Nine Inch Nails - The Downward Spiral

## 1995

Death - Symbolic

## 1996

フィッシュマンズ - 空中キャンプ

## 1997

フィッシュマンズ - 宇宙 日本 世田谷

Kind of close between this and The Mollusk, yes I know OK Computer was released the same year.

## 1998

Duster - Stratosphere

## 1999

フィッシュマンズ - 98.12.28 男達の別れ

## 2000

The Avalanches - Since I Left You

## 2001

System of a Down - Toxicity

## 2002

Yankee Hotel Foxtrot

## 2003

JAY-Z - The Black Album

## 2004

Madvillain - Madvillainy

Another really hard pick, absolutely stacked year.

## 2005

Kanye West - Late Registration

## 2006

Lupe Fiasco - Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor

## 2007

LCD Soundsystem - Sound of Silver

## 2008

Have a Nice Life - Deathconsciousness

## 2009

Kid Cudi - Man On The Moon: The End Of Day

Easy ass pick nothing dropped in 2009 wtf.

## 2010

Kanye West - My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy

## 2011

Death Grips - Exmilitary

Sorry Minecraft but you shouldn't have released the same year as Death Grips

## 2012

Death Grips - The Money Store

## 2013

C418 - Minecraft Volume Beta

Snubbed Yeezus, The Next Day and Ceres & Calypso mb mb.

## 2014

Igorrr & Ruby My Dear - Maigre

## 2015

Nujabes & Shing02 - Luv(sic) Hexalogy

Sorry The Powers That B, Rodeo and To Pimp a Butterfly but the best rap album released in 2015 was made by a Japanese man in like 2010.

## 2016

David Bowie - ★

Couldn't not put my goat here despite this being another stacked year, Spirit Phone, Atrocity Exhibition, Bottomless Pit and The Life of Pablo is a crazy line-up.

## 2017

Tyler, The Creator - Flower Boy

## 2018

Kero Kero Bonito - Time 'n' Place

## 2019

Tyler, The Creator - IGOR

## 2020

万能青年旅店 - 冀西南林路行

## 2021

Lil Ugly Mane - VOLCANIC BIRD ENEMY AND THE VOICED CONCERN

Another stacked year, LP!, CMIYGL, Sometimes I Might Be Introvert, By the Time I Get to Phoenix all in one year is crazy.

## 2022

The Forever Story [Extended Version] - JID

2007 lets JID pull just past Kendrick, Denzel and BKNR.

## 2023

femtanyl - CHASER

## 2024

Geordie Greep - The New Sound

I know I'm making this list still during 2024 but there is a 0% chance anything's going to beat Greep.