---
title: "Brooklyn 99"
type: TV Show
score: 8
---

Me when things are well written and funny. Last season was kind of a step down but still a great show, rip Andre Braugher.

Edit: Just rewatched this show and I think I might have some more to say (not that I really said anything at all last time). First off, this show was funny when I first saw it at 13 and remains funny now. I also think it actually peaks pretty late on in season four or maybe even season five. I mean that moment when Holt says he should've fired Terry in season five's Halloween episode remains one of the funniest moments in any show I've ever seen. The characters are pretty interesting too, they learn things and they change across the show, not much mind you but it's a sitcom so anything at all is nice to see. I've seen the show take the most shit for it being "woke" which I totally agree with but I feel like for the majority of the show, while it mightn't have been all that subtle, it at least still felt sincere and pretty funny too when worked into jokes like when the warden talks about how trans people are treated in prison with Jake. Shits funny and relevant, it's awesome. But in the last season it starts to feel more forced, like the first episode of season eight was so bad I fully stopped watching the show after it despite it being my favourite show of all time at that time. This might also just be my dislike for Rosa talking when I say this though as it was a pretty Rosa-centric. Also I've just gotta say, Rosa is such a terrible character, she has nearly no actually interesting elements about her despite the writers trying so hard to make it work over and over. She feels like a walking stereotype but unlike Scully for example who is also basically a character trope as a person, she keeps getting played serious during important scenes. It has never once felt right to me though because of how she's been basically boxed in as a character who doesn't express all that many emotions apart from anger and annoyance. Last episode almost made me cry though so don't listen to anything bad I said.
