---
title: "Far Cry 5"
type: Game
score: 4
dateModified: 2026-04-15
---
As I've been quite desperate for a fun new open world game ever since I played Skyrim a few years ago I've finally decided to give Far Cry 5 a shot and at first I really enjoyed it. Obviously it looks nice which I've kind of come to expect from AAA games but the whole intro sequence was really awesome to me. It's a great introduction to The Father with a good mix of intrigue and creepiness. Actually, most of the cutscenes and scripted sections are pretty great, especially Faith's which are awesomely trippy. The voice actors did pretty great jobs too (though the quality varied a decent amount throughout the whole game). The game being set in America is a much more familiar setting to me too, not that I've ever been, but it made it easier to connect with these characters and believe the story because I fully believe Americans are exactly the type to act like this.

The real issue with Far Cry 5 is the gameplay itself. It's particularly awful but driving and shooting gets really tedious after hours and hours of it and attacking outposts isn't enough to break up the monotony to me. It doesn't help at all that driving past an enemy allows them to instantly recognise you, some stronger stealth mechanics would've definitely done Far Cry 5 and so would some more interesting AI to fight against. The loop of doing this gets old fast and it also feels like a lot of the game has copied the homework of Just Cause 3 which made it even more of a bore for me. A few hours in your get some arial combat however that isn't quite thrilling enough for me either. The story and villains are actually pretty good by video game standards and honestly The Father has a couple decent-ish points weighed down by the whole killing people thing. If perhaps there was more variety in what you're doing or the game was more story based I might've enjoyed it more but what can you do, to me Far Cry 5 was a disappointing miss and certainly not worth its $100 (NZD) price tag.