---
title: "Fucked by My Best Friend"
type: Manga
score: 4
dateModified: 2025-12-31
noRSS: true
---

No, this is not a joke. I was recommended this rather vehemently by someone who previously had been given decent recommendations, and even then, it did take some convincing after I heard the title. They'd sold it to me as sort of a Masturbation Master Kurosawa, where the title is somewhat deceitful and it's actually a really well-done romance manga. After reading 40 chapters of this, I've come to realise it's a pretty unremarkable romance manga that doubles as porn with one of the most batshit premises ever put to paper. Before I get to screaming into space about it though, I'll talk about the positives.

The art is, I think, above average. The characters, especially Shion, are always pretty emotive, and I found it charming. I also think in general Shion and his friend group look unique enough. Usually josei has pretty good art, but it felt a little different here, as for some reason, this manga presents itself as a more innocent shojo-esque romance, which kind of makes them fucking even more jarring. It's not super unexpected, I guess; they're both horndogs, but with everyone blushing and giggling, smash-cutting into full-blown sex scenes was a little odd to me even if it's cute sometimes. Also this censoring is doing literally nothing lmao. I don't even know what the point of it is. Like, ok, this guy is penetrating him with a mystery white cylinder. How inconspicuous. The other thing I can praise it for (I guess) is that I've read yaoi, and I've read yuri, but I've never read a bisexual romance manga. Not that I really care if bisexual people are getting awareness or not; fuckers just get the best of both worlds. But because of this, I feel like they really shrink any gooner audience they could've gotten because if you're straight or gay, you're only really going to like it half of the time. At that point it'd have made more sense to have just made this have no porn aspect at all so normal people might feel inclined to give it a shot, but idk, I guess the author is just a freak. I am at least pleased that Shion's love interest is canonically bisexual because it'd have been even weirder if he was straight.

Now for the bad, the characters aside from Shion and his BF(F) are basically nothing and are so forgettable. I do remember the doctor at least because is it not really weird how he wanted to go out with his ~19 year old patient while being 30? Rui was valid for hating him. I also have to talk about this whole premise, and if you were not loving how graphic I had already gotten in the previous paragraph, please close this right now because it's going to get quite batshit from here. Ok, so the idea is that this guy turns into a girl every time he cums but back into a man every time he is cum inside as a girl. It also seems to happen somewhat at random after the prerequisite has been done, but I had to get out of there before it was explained. This is only an issue because Shion and Rui are seemingly both sex addicts, and this guy cannot go three days without cumming and becoming a woman. I get that they can't just become monks or whatever, but if you're trying to avoid telling people about your situation, maybe don't fuck on the first night of your vacation... One last thing before I finish this off and forget about it until someone brings it up and has a really awkward conversation about it (if you're reading this, Tommy, don't bother me about this, I swear to god), what happens if the love interest's dick is still inside when the MC transforms from a girl into a guy? Would he get pushed out, or would they fuse together like some kind of even more fucked-up conjoined twin/human centipede situation?

Note: If you're wondering why this isn't in the RSS feed, I was told in no uncertain terms that I'd be banned from the Nekoweb RSS feed if I put this up on there. Sorry about that for the one person who gets updates via RSS.
