---
title: "Getting Killed"
type: Album
score: 8.5
---

Noo why are you getting killed Geese ☹️☹️☹️. It has been about a week since this album dropped as I'm writing this and while I can't say it's as good as 3D Country it's very close, still great, and I think as more time passes it may grow on me further. To be honest I was a bit worried when I first heard Trinidad, it sounded pretty frantic and I wasn't sure if I'd enjoy an album like that nor was I certain such a dramatic change would've been something Geese could pull off. I mean the song was definitely trying to sound frantic and insane and they pulled that off at least, a highlight being the mixing when Cameron Winter is yelling THERE'S A BOMB IN MY CAR as it goes from ear to ear trying to give me a stroke, I just wouldn't like to listen to an entire album like this, I might go insane. Luckily it was more of an outlier if anything and followed up by one of the best songs on this album, Cobra. I love this song so much I can't even lie, it's so groovy and welcoming especially after Trinidad, like a warm shower or something while still sounding different enough from other Geese music to make me feel like they aren't stagnating. I really like the voice Cameron Winter is singing with when he has baby at the start of the song, makes me smile every time. If I'm being real, while Trinidad was fine I'd have much preferred for it to be thrown out and for Cobra to be the first song on this album as it felt much less out of place alongside the rest of this project.

I don't know shit about music so the next thing I'm about to say may sound a little deranged but you might just have to hear me out, I love how deep the drums sound in many songs on this album, namely Husbands and Taxes. It sounds like they're being played deep in a pit or something and that kind of sound both isn't something I hear much at all, in fact I'm drawing blanks trying to think of any other times I've heard a similar style. It really contributes to an almost down to earth feeling (bdum tss) I get when listening to this album even if lyrically it's just as wacky as any other Geese or Cameron Winter project.

One last bit because I'm very addicted to Sekiro right now and want to get back to it but the last two songs are some of the greatest songs Geese or to be honest anyone has ever made and really elevate this project. It's a really great way to send off such an album and I've surely listened to both songs upwards of 50 times already because of just how catchy they are. I've been humming Taxes ever since it came out and it's annoying everyone close to me, I just can't help it when the "DOCTOR! DOCTOR! Heal yourself~~" part is so good at getting rooted deep into my skull.

Edit: 8 -> 8.5, chat, it grew on me. Watch out Long Island City, here I come.
