---
title: "Hades"
type: Game
score: 6.5
dateModified: 2025-11-25
---

It's alright, just a little overrated imo. The gameplay is pretty fine, it's generally pretty smooth however I don't love the cast mechanic, maybe I just need to play more but it never really clicked for me and always felt a little janky to use. The bosses are also a bit of a letdown as most of them are simple to a fault and reach a point of tedium for me especially the earlier one but they never really improve to that point that I enjoy them as much as some of my favourite rogue-likes like Enter The Gungeon and considering how small the actual pool of bosses in this game are it's even harder to forgive. Like I cannot understand how you make only seven bosses (I think don't quote me on that though) and one of them is Hydra. Like wtf were they thinking with that boss?? At least the titular Hades is a pretty cool fight if just for spectacle alone. The boons and levels of this game were pretty good though especially as far as rogue-likes go. I had especially enjoyed how some of the duo synergy things between boons when gods fucked with each other but I also think it could've been cool to have negative synergies for gods that didn't like each other as much which would have to make you think a little more but I dunno that's just off the dome.

The best part of this game is handily the music, I'm not sure this game has a single bad song and I find myself listening to some of them even when not playing the game, especially No Escape it's just so good. Up there with DS3 in quality of main menu themes. Mr Darren Korb did a great job. The voice acting on the other hand, I dunno. Part of it definitely has to do with the script which kind of makes me cringe but I've heard worse and I'm a sucker for Greek Mythology too but the voice acting itself was really where it all fell apart for me. The guy playing Zagreus did pretty alright, some of his lines sounded a little lifeless and unnatural but its fine however even his performance was one of the best. I'd like to single out whoever played Aphrodite however because holy shit she did a terrible job. She is so fucking close to the microphone that I swear to god I can hear that ASMR lip smack sound every time she speaks. I don't know if maybe I've just finally lost it because when I Googled about it nothing really came up but any time she spoke she immediately broke any immersion I had as I immediately became acutely aware this was not in fact a god it was just a woman in a recording booth (or more likely just a phone considering how bad it sounds). If she had moved maybe just a few inches away from the microphone when you spoke I doubt it'd have been nearly as bad. I know I've kind of slammed the game for the entire second half of this but I really didn't think it was all that bad and if you don't give a damn about story and will be skipping dialogue anyway it's well worth your time.
