---
title: "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban"
type: Movie
score: 4.5
---

Deranged start with Harry killing his aunt via inflation, a moment that has been deeply seared into my memory and I will never be able to forget. Something I did forget though is just how British this show is, it's kind of hard to forget just how funny the Brits are but there way of saying things is infinitely more funny than Americans for me, just the bus driver guy saying well come on then got a chuckle out of me, liked the Jamaican bus thingy too, best manic episode ever. I also liked Ron just being really confused the whole time, love that guy. Wasn't a huge fan of how this one was filmed compared with the other two, felt a little darker, less theatrical with more reliance on CGI and honestly it didn't really feel like it fit the mood a lot of the time, I especially found going from slapstick with Harry's aunt straight to running away from home and riding a bus full of crackheads to be especially jarring. The CGI is pretty bad too as well as some pretty awful greenscreened scenes. The tone of the film also seemed darker and it definitely felt like it was properly leaning in on being spooky, especially with that train scene which I actually enjoyed however it seemed a bit odd in comparison with the last couple of movies. Another jarring change was the soundtrack this time round which leaned a lot more big band than magical in scenes where it was trying to be all whimsical which I wasn't much a fan of either, came off tacky. Don't much like Hagrid trying to be all emotional either, just doesn't feel very real, nor do really any of the serious moments in this film either because they're undercut by a joke (though at least in this most of the jokes land) or just the actors don't really sell them. Snape gets too much disrespect in this film as well, realest mf out there and Harry makes fun of his nose.
