---
title: "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets"
type: Movie
score: 7.5
---

Personally this is one of my favourites of the whole series. Feels like it really leans into the absurdity, Harry's arm going all squishy, the antagonist being a huge dumbass and all. The comedy in this seemed to be better too, it had a lot of slapstick which I'm not super fond of nor am I much fond of the opening sequence with Dobby ruining everything but from there I really enjoyed it. Ron's actor especially was popping off with those insane ass faces and the funniest moment was him calling his owl a bloody menace, it's not all that funny but I just didn't see it coming at all. I also liked the scene with Harry and Dobby in the infirmary, Dobby talking bout how he's treated like vermin and gets death threats five times a day was really unexpected and funny. The CGI is better in this too even if Dobby isn't super convincing. The moaning Myrtle section also lowkey spooked me when I saw it as a kid and that's probably the first time a film did that, pretty fond memory. Lots of stupid ass moments though, I was shaking and crying when Riddle rearranged his name and it was I am Lord Voldemort 😭. Didn't remember Ginny having such a crucial part either but it does make them getting together later on make more sense to me, sidenote before watching this I Googled why they got together because I had forgotten and I found this insane ass article which seemed way too interested in 16 year old's fucking https://hp-essays.livejournal.com/132755.html. I also hadn't remembered older Harry Potter movies being so theatrical but this definitely was from lighting to delivery, kind of reminded me of The Princess Bride. One final thing, I gotta ask what is the hiring process for Hogwarts like, it's meant to be like the best magic school but somehow they have had back to back insane people teaching there.
