---
title: "♡ [Heart]"
type: EP
score: 8.5
dateModified: 2025-12-10
---

Has Jane Remover dropped the best project twice in one year? No but she did get really close to it. While I'm not sure if an EP with six songs, four of which being your best songs from last year quite counts as a new release that doesn't change the fact that this shit bangs. The two new songs "So What?" and "Music Baby" are admittedly the worst on the project but with a lineup as stacked as this being the worst isn't something to be ashamed of.

This EP is most certainly a Jane Remover project in that every song has you slamming through 20 panes of glass, an element that I once foolishly believed would detract from a pop-adjacent album (or EP in this case) but after having so thoroughly enjoyed Revengeseekerz I've grown accustomed to Jane's unique style of production so it wasn't as much as a sensory overload as it may be to many first time listeners of Jane. I've read a couple reviews for this (from random people online, music publications fear Jane's power) and there does seem to be a sentiment that this was quite an exhausting experience which I can completely get, I felt like dying the first time I heard Revengeseekerz and it gave me a raging headache, however I'm fairly certain this wouldn't have been nearly as interesting if it had more "normal" production so I guess it's a bit of a double edged sword. These comments are pretty broad however as sonically each song is pretty distinct, for instance you won't feel like you're shooting through a greenhouse in the appropriately dreamy "Dream Sequence" which does an excellent job wrapping up this EP and making it feel much more like a coherent experience. I also want to mention how sick the whistles (I think) are on "How To Teleport". I almost want to say the song almost sounds Latin (perhaps Reggaeton) but I don't want to elaborate or I'm going to end up being horribly wrong and it's going to be super embarrassing.

As far as lyrics go I dunno, they aren't anything special for Jane and didn't leave me super impressed. I preferred how she went for Revengeseekerz but that could be partially because that was an actual album so it ended up having more cohesion but I really feel as if there is some lost potential here with the lyrics to make the project sound more like its own thing rather than a set of disconnected songs. Anyways I should start wrapping this up as I've almost spent as much time writing this as this project is long and it's 1:18AM so I wouldn't mind some sleep. Sorry if I compared this too much to Revengeseekerz especially when they aren't even vaguely in the same genre but it's not often I get a chance to compare two albums by the same person in the same year. The last time this happened was with Kanye dropping Vultures 1 and 2 and unfortunately I didn't give enough of a fuck about Vultures 2 to compare shit (or even write shit I wrote like two sentences lmao 😭).
