---
title: "Hytale"
type: Game
score: 4
dateModified: 2026-01-16
---

Before anyone kills me about this, this is a $40 game. It really doesn't matter to me that it's in alpha; if they're selling it at such a price, I'm going to talk about it as is based on the price I paid for this and update this if the game is improved later on. I have enough trust in Hypixel to assume that'll be the case, but even still it's difficult to speculate on the game based on not yet added content, so I won't.

The current Hytale is pretty weak as a game. There's really not that much to do or see. You can really see it all in about 5-10 hours on your first playthrough, but even still there's not really enough content to justify seeing it all. There aren't actually bosses anywhere, it seems. I was quite excited to fight the dragon, which is on just about every piece of promotional material for this game, so it was pretty disappointing to find that it was sleeping without a way to wake it up. The enemies in this game are also generally pretty easy once you get the hang of the rather simple combat loop. On the more positive side, however, combat's simplicity doesn't mean it's not engaging and satisfying, because it really is. The sounds and animations when I'm attacking are pretty cool, if a little over the top. As well as that, the skeleton enemies especially have pretty great AI that doesn't make them feel like mindless NPCs, especially the humanoid ones. Also, even if there's not much to find when exploring item-wise, there are a fair amount of interesting structures and landscapes; the desert is my favourite, full of cool structures, guys, and egg nests. When the chests are populated with cool, unique items rather than turnip seeds and bad hatchets or whatever, I think exploration will be one of the most rewarding parts of this game. This is helped by just how good the game looks (to me at least; I've heard some people who don't like its style). Again, I don't love how over-the-top the animations are when I'm doing rather mundane tasks, but apart from that, this is a very pretty game. Hopefully its stylized textures also mean it will age well which is important, as it may take a decade or more for this to become as mature (and good) as something like Terraria.
