---
title: "Ladies and gentlemen we are floating in space"
type: Album
score: 8
dateModified: 2026-01-12
---

What a great album; this was another recommendation, and I was hooked immediately by the excellent first track. The echoey psychedelic vibes that come off it are so good, and the way there are often two vocals overlapping with the filter on my microphones and the beeping really does pull off the space vibes brilliantly, even if the beeping does get a little grating after a while if I focus on it too much. It manages to be slow but still not at all minimal in its production, which goes a long way for someone like me with the worst attention span ever. This album also really likes switching up its vibes; not every song goes for those spacey vibes, and that only makes those moments feel more special. Fortunately the more down-to-earth (so to speak) tracks are pretty thrilling too, with a lot of excellent guitar work in a style I haven't seen a lot of in 90s music; much of this album felt very 70s, in a good way, of course. Many of this album's less ambient tracks also felt like an improvement on some of The Beatles' music, like if they figured out how to mix things properly, but it could just be that I'm seeing this comparison because they're both British.

The choice about halfway through to start going a lot more into a jazzy kind of post-rock sound was very surprising, but I think it elevated this project even further. You could also kind of feel the vibe shifting as the album went on too, as the instrumentals got more intense and heavy. I think this second leg of the album really starts at The Individual, though, a wild, completely instrumental track that's criminally underrated and reminded me of Maruja when they made good music. I love the way it acts to release all that loud energy before moving onto the beautiful, sombre Broken Heart, which really brings the whole space theme back in full swing. I was listening to this in the car, and it really fits the vibe of slowly driving down a street full of bizarre drug addicts. The final (17-minute-long) song is certainly a lot more rock-leaning, but it has a certain waviness to its instrumental and an earworm of a melody that never lets me feel fatigued by its length. The way it breaks down halfway through and reforms itself also helps make it feel more modular than monolithic (is this writing fire?).
