---
title: "LUX"
type: Album
score: 7.5
dateModified: 2025-12-22
---

I put this on my top 10 albums of 2025 list but somehow managed to forget to write anything about it, classic blunder. LUX stood out a lot to me a lot because it sounds so fucking over the top and grand and pulls it off so well (generally speaking). The last time I heard something like this was probably with some of the tracks in Sometimes I Might Be Introvert which was quite some time ago now so it was cool to see this and watch it become as big as it is. When this album goes all in on the grandness it produces some of the best songs of the year like Berghain which has an intense, ethereal opera sound to it and when Bjork comes in as a bird you know shit's getting real. Unfortunately I didn't much like the ending, had Yves Tumor been excluded it'd have played much better even if the deer crying blood was some metal ass imagery. Unfortunately this album has the strangely common problem of starting off with a bang and then slowly tapering off as it goes on, it definitely could've been worse as it's a fairly long bang but once I reached the last five or so tracks I can't say there was all that much memorable about them, not even Memória. They weren't bad by any stretch of the imagination but certainly didn't feel, to me at least, as essential to the album as the rest of the tracks. La Yugular for example is even pretty great, but after the all you can eat buffet of sounds and ideas ROSALÍA had been feeding my up to that point it didn't stand out as much as it should've to me because it felt like she was just doing things she'd already done earlier (albeit perhaps better than before) again. There are also too many songs on this album that sound unique at the start but by the last 30 seconds become the same song that I felt like I'd heard over and over by that point, like it's not a bad way to end a song but when it happened more than twice it gets a little grating.

To stop complaining for a second, ROSALÍA has a great voice all the way through and there are points where my jaw unironically dropped, she's easily one of if not the best singers right now (at least in pop). I just wish there were more songs like Berghain and Sexo, Violencia y Llantas that stood out so strongly. Unrelated but it was really cool being able to understand her about 50% of the time when she was speaking Spanish. I am the Spanish goat, now I just gotta learn how to not look like an illiterate when I write it. Also sorry for not really giving examples, I don't feel like taking notes for 40 minutes, I got shit to do, please forgive me.
