---
title: "Myst, Might, Mayhem"
type: Manhwa
score: 3
dateModified: 2025-11-30
---

I reallyyy wanted to like this one, it's wuxia (or murim or whatever) which is easily my favourite setting for a manhwa and the art is extremely impressive, easily one of the best that's currently releasing however the author unfortunately manages to destroy all the potential this could've had. Firstly the MC is super unlikeable, one of the most of anything I've ever read to be honest, it got to a point that I just had to stop reading because I wanted to throttle this dickhead, he's so often an asshole just to be one, maybe I'd understand if he was doing it because it was going to benefit him later down the line or something but even when it has no benefit to him at all and the only effect is negative he's still the worst just for the love of the game. If he was going to go through some character development and better himself that'd be pretty interesting and maybe he still will but it's going far too slowly at that rate and once I found out the author of this Manhwa also authored Nano Machine and Absolute Sword Sense I knew I had to get out of here. He can't even develop martial arts-wise either because he is so naturally gifted that he never struggles. It makes me wonder what's even the point of a story with a character who never struggles?? Even Mr Solo Leveling struggled at the start and that manhwa is basically the poster child for OP MCs.

This thing also just has way too much edge for my liking. Maybe that'd be interesting if this was released a few years ago but at this point there are mountains of mangas, manhwas and manhuas to read with just as fucked up scenarios and MCs. This isn't even the first time this author has done a story like this as he's already made Nano Machine so this is just a repeat with worse art and an even more unlikeable MC because this time he's autistic or something and can't even comprehend the idea of getting along with people. I also can't help but find it a little weird how badly this author wants to put unwilling men in the bodies of women, you can already tell he's a freak after Nano Machine so I can only imagine where he's thinking about going with this.
