---
title: "One of Us Is Lying"
type: TV Show
score: 6
dateModified: 2025-11-25
---

I honestly almost dropped this show the moment I heard the opening narration, I'm not sure if they made this guy talk full monotone to like emulate reading messages, I have to assume that's the case but holy shit it sounds awful. Fortunately I stuck around because in general the acting was pretty good here especially considering I don't really know any of these people (not that I keep up to date with many celebrities) and their chemistry was really good, there were several moments that got a chuckle out of me which lightened the often oppressive mood. This show was mainly carried for me by the really good premise but I felt like this was in general better than a one of the mill teen drama you might expect though I have to wonder how realistic this is to an American highschool because this fuckin place is lawless.

The main issues I had with this show was firstly the length of episodes, because holy shit they did not have enough stuff to fill 50 minute episodes. This isn't exactly unique to this show but it still hurt it, to be honest I think the show could've been done in a single movie instead of two seasons and that decreased runtime would probably be to its benefit. To be fair it didn't super feel like it was dragging by the end of season one but by season two I started feeling it. As well as this I way too mad at these fictional characters because the writers for some reason made them all idiots, or at least it felt like it, even the ones who are meant to be smart. I'm trying to leave spoilers out my comments but you just gotta know that these kids don't have an inkling of common sense amongst them. Simon was pretty funny at least... I wonder what happened to that guy. My last issue is with how this show was filmed because I get the purpose of different camera angles but some scenes felt like the director was doing a checklist to fit as many camera angles into the scene as physically possible, sometimes it's okay to not tilt the camera. Slight spoiler warning but this show also manages to end on a cliffhanger which sucks but it's not exactly their fault they got cancelled.
