---
title: "Outer Wilds"
type: Game
score: 6
dateModified: 2025-12-19
---

SPOILERS FOR OUTER WILDS (as always but apparently Outer Wilds fans kill you if you don't explicitly mark spoilers)

It's cool but it really started to drag a little near the end, especially when it came to solving puzzles but I'll start with the good first. I really liked the exploration, flying about in my ship felt fum and my fist five or so trips to every planet was always a good time especially because the content in this game is compact it feels like you're always finding something new. This was also a super unique way to tell the story in a way that links reading the story directly to being able to figure out how to compress in the game. That and the story just being really engaging and the writing being quirky and funny (in a good way) kept me interested in the whole "what happened to the Nomai people" question all the way up until I found out (though it wasn't too hard to guess). I also love Gabbro even if he got me killed the first time we met. The music is also just incredible, like I'm not exaggerating when I say this is top 3 video game OSTs of all time. The ending was also very sweet (as sweet as an ending that kills everyone you know can be) and the whole "this song is new to me, but I'm honoured to be a part of it" has snuck its way into my head since I finished this game about a week ago now.

Now for the bad (imo don't kill me). The whole timeloop thing gets tedious for me, I get that without it you don't actually have a game and the story would be ruined but that doesn't change the fact that its just annoying to do the same thing over and over again. I also really didn't enjoy needing to watch what I did in the last run, like it lasted 20 minutes max I haven't forgotten. This issue is compounded by the sometimes very clunky feeling movement of my player character and the way sometimes my ship lands unpredictably, both of these are 100% skill issues but it doesn't really change the fact that it's a pain when something wholly unrelated to what I felt was in my control killed a run and I have to go through the same go up the elevator, get in the ship, go to the planet bit all over again. There were also just a few puzzles that really didn't connect at all for me, for example the one where you have to wait for the planet to fall into the black whole to get inside that building didn't click until I finally gave up and Googled after spending real life hours trying to leap in. It sounds dumb in retrospect but when I was playing I just really didn't even consider such a thing. There are also some puzzles like getting to the North Pole on the quantum moon that really pissed me off (despite actually getting onto the quantum moon being one of the coolest experienced I had in this game). I knew how to do the puzzle but turning off the lights and opening the door over and over again until I finally made it felt like such a waste of time. Maybe I was doing something wrong but with the time pressure of the run ending it was pretty stressful and even once I made it the whole side-quest I just put myself through felt very disconnected from the rest of the game with the only reward being a dinner with Jay-Z. Last thing that pissed me off was those angler fish guys, I was not aware they killed you only if you made too much sound until I finished the game and watched a video of someone else doing it. Can't believe I died so many times to those guys.
