---
title: "Palm Springs"
type: Movie
score: 7
image: https://i.imgur.com/b7o3pCk.png
dateModified: 2025-12-09
---

I can't lie, I did only watch this because Andy Sandberg was in it but I was happily surprised by how good the female lead played by Cristin Milioti was despite having never heard of her before. She was a cool character and her being the one taking the initiative and saving Sandberg's character after he had giving up was very sweet even if the science involved seemed dubious at best. Another part of this film I didn't expect was how good some of the, especially atmospheric music was. Like that scene about twenty minutes in where the female lead is laying against a rock did not need to go that hard. I also really just like the whole time loop premise and I think lots of the jokes are original enough despite how many of these there have been now. There was even a joke about how it was a "classic time loop situation" which I thought was really funny. J.K. Simmons was funny too, and I think he and Sandberg had better chemistry than Sandberg and the female lead. It's also pretty nice that since I haven't watched so many of these that people not giving a damn about other people dying horrifically is still entertaining to me.

If I'm being for real I don't really have anything super bad to say about this movie, it looked good, achieved its goal of being a feel good time pretty proficiently and even if it not being anything super unique or powerful means it won't stick with me at least it was fun while it lasted. It did start to derail in the second half however. I guess the CGI could've been better though because it looked good awful but whatever, I also wasn't in love with the more serious moments but I have to imagine it wouldn't even be an hour long without them. Like if Sandberg's character was truly stuck in a timeloop to the point he's forgotten almost everything about his life prior which I have to assume is at least 50 years that'd make him 90 or so and to be honest even if he's emotionally stunted due to being in a timeloop I doubt any 90 year old, or even 30 year old would act like this. The scene near the end where Sandberg's character rushes to go to Milioti's at the last minute however was super cliche, at least they weren't in an airport but still. It was almost to the point I thought it might've been a parody but I have to assume if that was the case it'd have been more funny.
