---
title: "Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters"
type: Book
score: 2
---

I had at one point intended to read the entire Percy Jackson series over seven weeks but after spending probably seven on just this one I think maybe I'll just call it quits. Was I reading this slowly because I'm illiterate? Probably in part but mainly it was because this book is so ass. I was fine with the original Percy Jackson book, I think it held up well enough for my nostalgia to bridge the gap for me and make it worth reading through but I only made it 45% through this book according to my reading app before calling it quits tonight and reading the rest in the supercut comic form.

A big part of why I found this book so incredibly boring was just how small it felt in comparison to the first. Like sure Grover not dying and getting the fleece is important or whatever but these stakes really don't compare with word ending stakes. Also it's kind of annoying just how weak the half-blood's seem in this book, maybe I'm just blinded by shitty comic power-scaling but it feels like you could give just about any normal person a gun and they'd be easily able to kill off any half-blood. Like imagine how easily Luke could've won if instead of doing sword fight bullshit he just had a pistol like that one Indiana Jones scene. It doesn't help that Percy and his gang are forced to use gimmicks to win basically every fight, that is when they're not relying on Tyson of course who I really disliked. Like why do Percy and Annabeth really need this giant strong guy who got dropped on his head one to many times as a baby? The only thing I can think of is that Mr Riordan is trying to subliminally influence his young readers into not bullying autistic people or something. I know I sound insane but just think about it for a second, Percy disrespects Tyson for like the first half of the story and Annabeth is like racist or something but by the end of it they're both like this guy's not so bad (probably, I'm pretty sure the comic cut this whole character arc but I also might've just forgotten). Not so crazy after all. Anyways this book sucks so I probably won't read any more of this series. Nothing like relooking at something you're nostalgic about to cure nostalgia.
