---
title: "Reservoir Dogs"
type: Movie
score: 8.5
---

Most of this review will be comparing this to Pulp Fiction as they have the same director and a similar tone, sorry if that's annoying but its what I was considering while watching it. Reservoir Dogs is not as good as Pulp Fiction, though that kind of goes without saying as being better than the best film of all time is quite the challenge but I still felt a bit disappointed after finishing it. However, I sat with it for a day or two and realised this was a good fuckin film, though I felt the cast of characters weren't exactly as funny and charismatic together as Jules and Vincent, I still didn't have a single character I disliked (except for maybe Mr. Blonde but him being an evil dickhead was on purpose and he got what was coming to him in the end which was nice. Sidenote, he looks scarily similar to the guy who plays Rigsby in The Mentalist, it's crazy.) There's a lot of real funny moments in this film too especially when it's just them fucking around and having a good time, you really feel like you get to know the characters in moments like that along with the brilliant introductions which a few of them get. My favourite has got to be Mr Orange's, Tim Roth acts his ass off and the whole learning and telling the story with it coming to life as he gets into character is so simple but such an awesome scene. 

 My only proper issue is don't like how much torture and people bleeding out and dying goes on in this, it's just so hard to watch and I'm sure that was the point but that doesn't make it easier to see. Maybe I'm going through male menopause I dunno, I know the Pulp Fiction rape dungeon scene is a bit similar but it didn't feel as brutal as when Mr Blonde was torturing that cop or when Mr Orange was bleeding out and crying in pain and shit. The cool use of diegetic music in the torture scene and in general did lighten this film up though, it feels very intentional and its the little stuff like that making me feel more immersed in films. I also really liked the kind of non-linear storytelling in this one, it's not quite as disjointed as Pulp Fiction but the story kind of being told and then that section being shown thirty minutes later is cool and pretty unique I felt. The ending was pretty tragic but felt right, great film.
