---
title: "Return From The Depths"
type: Manga
score: 1.5
---

Feels like more and more I'm seeing manga in the manhwa/manhua long-panel style but I'm still yet to see one that's actually good, for this one I'm not really all that sure why the artist bothered with doing coloured art when as it is they don't seem to be all that good in the whole drawing aspect. It's a lot better than the average manhua for example but for a manhwa it's below average and not really doing anything unique nor does it seem to have a proper style at all except "generic manhwa". The quality of the art does seem to fluctuate from scene to scene though for some reason, dunno. This has about the most generic you could go for a manhwa, tower mysteriously appears in the middle of the modern world and monsters come out to kill everyone. I dunno if the author thought it'd be fine because he's not writing a manhwa but it came off as super lazy to me and really set the tone for how lazy this was going to be. From there instead of doing anything remotely unique we find out our MC is a generic loser with a bully who has almost zero motivation or reason for the audience to care about him or root against him except for seeing him be mean for no reason a couple times. From there at breakneck pace (deadass three chapters) the MC becomes some sort of unkillable demigod, I don't know what the rush was but it kind of killed any expectation I may have had of this being any good. Not even sure why they bothered starting off with him being a kid if they were going to do this, it'd probably have played better if he started off in his current state and seen his past through flashbacks or dreams or whatever...

I know I'm getting way too worked up over a shitty manga but it feels like the author is taking a shot at the readers by making this, like it's some kind of inside joke that he's not letting me in on. Reading this made me feel like I was reading Bones again but while Bones felt like it had a focal point it was hurtling towards, this just feels like it's hurtling towards nothing, like I'm floating through space with the absence of anything to latch onto. No interesting story, characters or art direction, just nothing. I have no idea why this was being hyped up so much, it makes me feel a little sad that so many readers of manhwa and manga are willing to not only read dogshit slop like this but then go on to recommend it to other people like it was somehow worth their time. The whole time I was reading this I was waiting for a turning point that I found never arrived and then once I had read all the chapters out right now realised I'd just wasted more than an hour of my life on this. Fuck my life, genuinely felt insulted reading this and a 1.5 is generous.
