---
title: "The Witcher 3"
type: Game
score: 4.5
---

I bought this and its dlc for $20. I've played for well over 200 hours. That's all I have to say. Even if it was double full price it would be well worth it. Better than every recent open world game.

Edit: 8.5 -> 4.5, well I must have been criminally insane when I first played this game because it fuckin sucks. It looks good and runs well but really that's about it, it has a big open world but most of the time you'll just be running through what feels like the same place over and over again. The combat feels worse than The Witcher 2, none of the hits felt all that impactful at all, and the entire first like two hours feels like one big tutorial in which the game does a lot more telling than showing with popup after popup. Maybe if it had a better UI it wouldn't feel the need to tell me every little thing off the bat but alright man. A lot of the controls also just feel counter-intuitive, like whoever decided to use the middle mouse for the crossbow is completely insane. I also just didn't really enjoy the bosses I fought, having always enjoyed humanoid bosses which is probably why I enjoyed Eredin so much but moments like that in this game are few and far between. I would have also been fine with something like Monster Hunter where it feels like I'm just as much of a monster as the enemy but alas here it kind of just feels like I'm going through the motions, poking a big beast with a twig until it finally falls over, being able to slice through enemies was pretty cool though. Things like needing to make potions also just fucking sucks in every game it's a part of, tedium just to pad the runtime so I generally just don't do it. If you're feigning for a large open world story-centric game Skyrim is and has always been a better option I'm sorry to say, this games just about as buggy as Skyrim too with NPCs in a near constant state of being forced into idle poses and glitching around the place or enemies deciding to take flight. No wonder Cyberpunk was such a shitshow at launch. This all isn't even mentioning that I don't really like the story all that much and that's saying something when I enjoyed Guild Wars 2's fuckass story.
