---
title: "The 100"
type: TV Show
score: 0.5
image: https://i.imgur.com/sDgsKfF.jpeg
dateModified: 2025-12-18
---

DISCLAIMER: This is based on watching the first episode of this 7 season long show. Usually I watch at least a season before even considering having an opinion on a show but holy shit this was the worst episode I have ever seen in my life and there's no chance I'll make it through 12 more episodes but I still want to talk some shit. First off the good because the .5 has to come from somewhere. The premise of this show was mildly interesting to me as I usually don't watch post-apocalyptic shows despite being quite interested in them, even if I had a sneaking suspicion it was an excuse to have some weird sex shit with a bunch of teens in the woods like Yellowjackets if it was bad but I guess I couldn't even get through enough to find out (though with how quick they were to get the pants off that one girl I wouldn't be surprised). The setting was also just really good (nature, not the awful set for the space station or set), it was really vibrant and overgrown which seemed like what they were going for. I also liked knockoff Rodrick and the Asian guy's interactions with each other, they were just about the only pair that had chemistry (bdum tss, because they're like space stoners) except for the part where the Asian guy is like "note to self, next time save the girl" because it made me want to blow my brains out.

Alright, now to the bad. Why the fuck are these three so hot? I never thought I'd be the one to complain about something like this but look at that image I've attached and tell me those three look like they were just taken out of prison only to get into a spaceship that crashed into Earth. Just put a bit of dirt on them, take a bit of makeup off and mess their hair up a little pretty please, it felt so stupid. Next, I thought the line delivery felt stilted, especially when delivered by the main girl and with the general lack of chemistry exception the one exception from earlier it was only made worse. It also made it almost painful to watch their exposition especially when I felt like the writing wasn't too terrible for it, it wasn't great but if the actors were at all good I think it would've been pretty passable. I shouldn't put too much praise on the writers though because some of this writing really pissed me off. When the male lead (I assume) calls the female lead princess I wanted to throw my monitor through my window because holy shit I've seen this exact guy and dynamic so many time's it's frankly insane and it's never interesting. Same goes for the female lead, when she was like "before you get any ideas I don't care" I was surprised the other girl didn't sock her in the face because that is the laziest comeback of all time and nobody is buying that she doesn't care because there's an 100% chance she'll decide that she does care and her and whoever she's going to end up with will have some sort of moment (my bets are on the guy with the long hair that called her princess). The whole story seems pretty alright but I do find it hard to believe that someone was able to get onboard this ship, like was there any security at all? I get they had to get the kids inside in a rush but still. The music picks were also just really bad, I don't know what to say about that though. Anyhow that's it from me. I'm very slightly morbidly curious as to see how this show goes but unfortunately I don't have an endless supply of free time so I won't spend it all on a show as bad is this. I just hope Rodrick ends up with the girl he likes.

Wait holy fuck it actually was Rodrick.
