---
title: "Vanisher, Horizon Scraper"
type: Album
score: 3
---

God I was so hyped for this fuckin album dude. I literally counting the days for this release after having such a lukewarm 2025 music-wise so far and after having loved Quadeca's last LP "I Didn't Mean To Haunt You" and to a much lesser extent his Scrapyard mixtape series there was no doubt in my mind this would be good. I had even made sure not to listen to any of the singles before this album because I didn't want any spoilers, just wanted to go in raw. I listened for the first time almost the second this dropped and then two more times in the following days and I came out crushed every time by just how shit this album was. I cannot for the life of me see where all the love for this album is coming from, I've even seen some people call it better than I Didn't Mean to Haunt You, it's actually three points above it on AOTY at the moment and that's just so insane to me.

The flow from song to song in this album took a huge dip from IDMTHY at least in my eyes, some transitions between songs felt super to jarring to me, not just the transitions themselves of course but the song order too just didn't feel right to me. The rapping segments on this album were even more obnoxious than IDMTHY to me at least where I already thought they were about the worst part of any song they were on. Just completely fucks up the atmosphere anytime this guy starts rapping, same with my beloved Danny Brown too unfortunately. In my opinion a lot of this album also felt cheap with lots of reverb thrown onto songs in an attempt to make it somehow more grandiose, I don't know what it did but it definitely didn't feel as huge as it was meant to for me. A last thing I'd like to touch on is the last song, like I'm so sorry to everyone who loves this song but am I insane for thinking it's just a Maruja song? It doesn't feel like it should be on this album at all, I dunno. Anyway I give the new Quadeca album a light to decent 3, tran->sition.
