---
title: "Westworld"
type: TV Show
score: 7
---

Season one had its moments that kept me coming but so much of the dialogue, especially between the humans that don't really have that mental buffer for me that they aren't real, feels so ham-fisted and really lacks any subtlety. Like the humans in this show talk more like robots than the fuckin robots, it's messed up. This extends to exposition being just generally clumsy, I'm 100% sure there was a better way to learn about Arnold's dead kid, and that conversation with his wife? Painful to watch but for the wrong reasons, maybe it's meant to be shit based on what we learn later but it still puts a bad taste in my mouth. I know I've kind of been bashing Westworld but it really did have some interesting horror and mystery moments as well as an awesomely unique premise with some high class acting by a fair few of the android actors, the actress for Charlotte especially was brilliant, Dolores and William were pretty good too but honestly Charlotte carried the season. The scene with Charlotte walking through the headquarters with that Motion Picture Soundtrack cover playing was so cool and tense it made me forgive every bad thing I thought about season one though. It was also really funny how I just randomly heard instrumental covers of Radiohead songs in wild west bars, I fw whoever did that. As a bit of a sidenote, I reckon it'd be fire if there was a little more time before we found out that Westworld wasn't real and it was some big reveal but I'm no director, there also might've already been enough crazy ass twists so maybe this'd be overkill anyway. I'm gonna be so honest right now and say I haven't watched season two yet, I've heard most of it was shit but I will be watching it and updating this later!!
